we are in the T neighborhood north of
the Jalia refugee camp it was under
sieged imposed by the Israeli occupation
forces for more than 20
days when we came here we saw the bodies
of dozens of people killed by Israeli
forces laying in the
street you can also see the scale of the
destruction caused by the Israeli
bombardment Palestinian Medical Teams
haven't managed to reach the area
because of the siege the neighborhood is
totally
destroyed the scenes are very difficult
to take in as you can see the bodies of
many dead people laying
[Music]
everywhere schools around the indanes in
hospital were also heavily
bombarded
Israeli military vehicles have tried to
advance from these streets towards the
jabalia refugee
camp they started from the streets near
the Indonesian Hospital towards the
talata
neighborhood streets and buildings and
infrastructure have all been destroyed
the neighborhood is no longer habitable
because of the massive
destruction I'm now moving in the
direction of the AL Hospital which has
been under siege for more than 10
days the general manager and some of the
medical staff have been arrested by the
occupation
forces they imposed the siege for 18
days no one was allowed to go anywhere
if someone tried to move they shut them
immediately they ordered all people aged
between 20 and 40 to go out half naked
in groups of
20 the Israeli forces took away the
first group as well as Dr
Ahmed the next day they came again with
Dr Ahmed and they took some ad rative
people then they took those above the
age of 16 dressed only their underwear
they took about 86
people the Israeli Army came here and
destroyed all the buildings we live near
Al AA hospital and these two ladies were
on their way to the hospital to deliver
their
babies
the husband of one of them was killed
and his body is under the rubble the
Israeli bulldozers killed them
all there are other pregnant women in
this area who were killed they killed
the pregnant women without Mercy all of
them
this is the scene in the T neighborhood
that has been under sieged for more than
20 days Siege destruction and dead
bodies in the streets as the medical
teams have not yet been allowed to
collect
them Al
Shaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer